hello guys TV in 2000 here for my second
video tonight um I really don't know why
I'm doing - I just have a few ideas and
I'd like to do them now so oopsy my
camera's already falling over luckily in
the last video it didn't fix my tripod
here okay hopefully it stays for this
video cuz I would really like you guys
to see this full video without it
falling over all the time whatever okay
so pretty much in this video I'm gonna
be showing you my Naruto you know video
game console accessories um so first off
I thought I would show you my Nintendo
Wii drumroll please there you go this is
a skin you probably already knew that
but there you go that's my wii there's
the top of the Wii as you see everything
is fully capable still opens there's the
front of it oh nope actually this is the
front of it and as you can see this
still opens fully and there's the other
side sides are the same so yeah that's
my we just in case you were wondering
okay next I'm gonna show you my Nintendo
DS yes
okay here's my des hommes
as you can see if my des is in the spot
hold on okay
my des is I'm gonna get on the floor
here okay
my guess is like a Naruto pouch that
goes on their leg like that so any is if
you can see it there's a leaf village
symbol right there I don't know it's
hard to see can you see it okay okay so
we're gonna go ahead and pop this open
so you can see it so first off this set
comes with two Naruto pens styluses
these stylus is each seen our Naruto
this one says Naruto in English and see
it's a retractable stylus like a pen
this one says Naruto and Japanese and
it's like a scroll so I really like
using these site styluses more than the
tiny ones they're like this big instead
they're now this big and they've got a
little grip rubber thing now for my
actual des this is pretty neat tada
as you can see it like changes pictures
he's like that now he's like that like
that like that and you know new Naruto
it's a 3d cover feels cool okay open it
up and bam has the clouds on there I
think that looks pretty cool so yeah
that's my DS this this front skin the
inside skin this case and the stylus is
all came together as a pack for 15
dollars at Toys R Us so so if you want
to get a DS case to Naruto styluses and
the skin then go to Toys R Us and you
can get it for
like 15 bucks okay now I had a an artist
skin for my PSP but I about a month ago
the skin ripped because it was getting
unsticky because I had had it for like
three years and it ripped so I had to
take it off
but I am looking at a few of the other
designs cuz I do want to get another PSP
skin gnarrk gnarrk so and I know there's
tons of designs so here's my PSP oops
which the actual PSP has not seen
daylight for a while because the skins
been on it so yeah this is a PSP 1000
cuz I've had this since Christmas Oh for
this is an old PSP what it works fine it
plays the games that I want I might hit
there's me talking to the camera
there's my stupid tripod if you can see
it stupid tripod it's a cool tripod
though because like the legs they like
bend yeah it's pretty cool whatever okay
but what is cool is this is actually a
Japanese import that I got tada
if you know all PSPs come with that
little sleep well this is an r21 looks
like a headband see silver has the blue
and these little dots and the leaf
symbol and your PSP just slides right in
there so I guess that was it kind of a
dumb video so I guess I'll see you guys
later this is TBN mm site signing out
please subscribe comment and rate oh I
forgot I want you guys to do something
for me I thought this wouldn't this
might be fun I want you guys to leave a
comment telling me your top three
favorite Naruto characters starting with
num number three so just put a number
three and then the character and then a
two and the character and then one I
think it might be cool to know so I want
you guys to do that for me please
subscribe to all three
my channels oh my god I know I'm stupid
that I have three channels but trust me
I already know thanks guys I guess I'll
see you guys later bye